Merry Christmas now you're going to say
Happy Hanukkah right Wow Hanukkah is a
Christmas they're really not the same
it's a nice little holiday but his grade
was very cute not a bit like Christmas
haven't got a savior the cut isn't
Christmas and yes we feel left out like
anyone would feel in a place where
almost everyone is celebrating Christmas
for the two percent little group and
celebrates a separate set of holidays
wanna witches Hanukkah which only by
coincidence is also in December but
hahaha isn't Christmas we can pretend it
is thanks for your good wishes please
don't overdo it is a Christmas and they
don't mind at all we have certain other
things freshest just to us our families
our history
our culture and our tragedies many many
holidays just not especially Annika
you